README.md, before:

# streamdeck-awake

A Power Toys Awake inspired plugin for the Elgato Stream Deck to prevent the PC from going into standby.

## Functionality

- Keep your machine from going to sleep with the press of a button
- Optionally keep the display on while Awake is active.
- Temporary Awake: Keep your system awake for a preset time.

## I found a bug, what do I do?

I'm happy to hear any feedback regarding the plugin or it's implementation, be it critizism, praise or rants. Please create a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/pgerke/streamdeck-awake/issues) or drop me an [email](mailto:info@philipgerke.com) if you would like to contact me.

I would especially appreciate, if you could report any issues you encounter while using or setting up the plugin. Issues I know about, I can probably fix.

If you want to submit a bug report, please check if the issue you have has already been reported. If you want to contribute additional information to the issue, please add it to the existing issue instead of creating another one. Duplicate issues will take time from bugfixing and thus delay a fix.

While creating a bug report, please make it easy for me to fix it by giving us all the details you have about the issue. Always include the version of the plugin and a short concise description of the issue. Besides that, there are a few other pieces of information that help tracking down bugs:

- The operating system you are using and it's version
- The version of the stream deck software and the model
- Some steps to reproduce the issue
- The expected behaviour and how the plugin failed to meet that expectation
- Anything else you think I might need

## I have a feature request, what do I do?

Please create a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/pgerke/streamdeck-awake/issues) or drop me an [email](mailto:info@philipgerke.com)

## Privacy Policy

The free@home plugin for the Elgato Stream Deck does not use cookies or tracking or collect personal data of any kind. And it never will. Period.

## Open Source Acknowledgement

| Component                                                         | License |  Version |
| :---------------------------------------------------------------- | :-----: | -------: |
| [Bootstrap Icons](https://icons.getbootstrap.com/)                |   MIT   |   v1.7.0 |
| [StreamDeck-Tools](https://github.com/BarRaider/streamdeck-tools) |         |   v3.2.0 |
| [Microsoft PowerToys](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys)     |   MIT   |  v0.51.1 |
| [Microsoft .NET](https://github.com/microsoft/dotnet)             |   MIT   | v6.0.100 |

<hr>

Made with ❤ by Philip Gerke

Commit message:

docu: Add documentation for button states
PG-127 #4

README.md, after:

# streamdeck-awake

A Power Toys Awake inspired plugin for the Elgato Stream Deck to prevent the PC from going into standby.

## Functionality

- Keep your machine from going to sleep with the press of a button
- Optionally keep the display on while Awake is active.
- Temporary Awake: Keep your system awake for a preset time.

## Legend

The following button states are used:

| Icon                                                          | Description                                                |
| :------------------------------------------------------------ | :--------------------------------------------------------- |
| ![Awake Off](StreamDeckAwake/Images/awakeOff@2x.png)          | Awake is inactive                                          |
| ![Awake On](StreamDeckAwake/Images/awakeOn@2x.png)            | Awake is active                                            |
| ![Timed Awake On](StreamDeckAwake/Images/awakeOnTimed@2x.png) | Awake is active with a timer (here: 3 minutes remaining)   |
| ![Awake Unknown](StreamDeckAwake/Images/awakeUnknown@2x.png)  | Awake state is unknown. Something is wrong if you see this |

## I found a bug, what do I do?

I'm happy to hear any feedback regarding the plugin or it's implementation, be it critizism, praise or rants. Please create a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/pgerke/streamdeck-awake/issues) or drop me an [email](mailto:info@philipgerke.com) if you would like to contact me.

I would especially appreciate, if you could report any issues you encounter while using or setting up the plugin. Issues I know about, I can probably fix.

If you want to submit a bug report, please check if the issue you have has already been reported. If you want to contribute additional information to the issue, please add it to the existing issue instead of creating another one. Duplicate issues will take time from bugfixing and thus delay a fix.

While creating a bug report, please make it easy for me to fix it by giving us all the details you have about the issue. Always include the version of the plugin and a short concise description of the issue. Besides that, there are a few other pieces of information that help tracking down bugs:

- The operating system you are using and it's version
- The version of the stream deck software and the model
- Some steps to reproduce the issue
- The expected behaviour and how the plugin failed to meet that expectation
- Anything else you think I might need

## I have a feature request, what do I do?

Please create a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/pgerke/streamdeck-awake/issues) or drop me an [email](mailto:info@philipgerke.com)

## Privacy Policy

The free@home plugin for the Elgato Stream Deck does not use cookies or tracking or collect personal data of any kind. And it never will. Period.

## Open Source Acknowledgement

| Component                                                         | License |  Version |
| :---------------------------------------------------------------- | :-----: | -------: |
| [Bootstrap Icons](https://icons.getbootstrap.com/)                |   MIT   |   v1.7.0 |
| [StreamDeck-Tools](https://github.com/BarRaider/streamdeck-tools) |         |   v3.2.0 |
| [Microsoft PowerToys](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys)     |   MIT   |  v0.51.1 |
| [Microsoft .NET](https://github.com/microsoft/dotnet)             |   MIT   | v6.0.100 |

<hr>

Made with ❤ by Philip Gerke
